Security Vulnerabilities in VulnerablePiggyBank
This contract has the following major flaws:

1. Arbitrary Withdrawal (Critical!): The withdraw() function allows anyone to withdraw all the Ether from the contract. There's no check to ensure the msg.sender is the owner or that msg.sender actually deposited the funds. This is the most glaring vulnerability.
    Vulnerable Line: payable(msg.sender).transfer(address(this).balance);
    Impact: Any user can drain the entire contract's balance.

2. No Deposit Tracking: The contract doesn't keep track of how much Ether each individual user has deposited. This means even if you tried to implement a proper withdrawal, you wouldn't know how much to give back to whom.
    Vulnerable Aspect: Missing mapping(address => uint256) public balances; and logic to update it in deposit().
    Impact: Cannot enforce "users can only withdraw their own funds."

3. transfer() vs. call() (Minor but important in withdraw): While transfer() is safer against re-entrancy than raw call() without checks, it forwards only 2300 gas. In this specific withdraw function, since it's giving all the balance, transfer will work. However, for more complex interactions or when sending to contracts, call with proper re-entrancy guards is generally preferred because it doesn't impose a gas limit on the recipient. In the context of "sending all balance", transfer is technically fine, but it's important to be aware of its limitations. The primary vulnerability here is who can withdraw, not how it's sent.

4. Missing require for Zero Deposit: The deposit() function allows depositing 0 Ether, which is harmless but inefficient as it still consumes gas for a transaction that does nothing meaningful.
    Vulnerable Aspect: function deposit() public payable {} lacks require(msg.value > 0, "Deposit must be greater than zero");.

5. attack() function (Unimplemented/Misleading): The attack() function is empty, but its presence suggests it might be intended for malicious purposes or is a placeholder for a vulnerability. In a real contract, an empty function named attack is suspicious.

Summary of Fixes and Best Practices Applied
1. Individual Balance Tracking: Introduced mapping(address => uint256) public balances; to correctly track each user's deposit.

2. Safe Arithmetic: Integrated SafeMath library to prevent integer overflows and underflows during addition and subtraction of balances.

3. Access Control for Withdrawal: withdraw() now checks balances[msg.sender] >= _amount, ensuring users can only withdraw up to their own deposited amount. The ownerWithdrawAllContractFunds() function is explicitly onlyOwner.

4. "Checks-Effects-Interactions" Pattern: In withdraw(), the balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender].sub(_amount); (effect) happens before payable(msg.sender).call{value: _amount}(""); (interaction). This is a crucial defense against re-entrancy attacks.

5. Gas-Aware Ether Transfer: Used payable(msg.sender).call{value: _amount}("") for sending Ether, which is the recommended method for its robustness and gas forwarding capabilities.

6. Input Validation: Added require(msg.value > 0, ...) in deposit() and require(_amount > 0, ...) in withdraw() to prevent zero-value transactions.

7. Explicit Owner Withdrawal: Created a separate ownerWithdrawAllContractFunds() function, protected by onlyOwner, to clearly delineate the owner's ability to sweep contract funds, separate from individual user withdrawals. The attack() function was removed as it serves no legitimate purpose.

8. Events: Maintained Deposit and Withdrawal events for transparent logging and off-chain monitoring.
